DOC Clarify triaging role. Remove usage question template. (#18142)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/bug_triaging.rst

   <http://gael-varoquaux.info/programming/technical-discussions-are-hard-a-few-tips.html>`_
   explores how to lead online discussions in the context of open source.

> Working on PR to help review

Reviewer: I feel like this isn't a triage-specific item?
As the text below suggest, everyone is welcome to review. No strong opinion

Reviewer: if we keep it: PR -> PRs

Author: Indeed this is not triage-specific. The previous section also isn't triage specific.
My idea was to gather all triage-specific actions in the section "Triaging operations for members of the core and triage teams", but also clarify that all contributors are allowed to perform some triaging actions without being in the github team.
Should I put more emphasis on that?

Reviewer: ok, that's fine then

- Update labels for issues and PRs

- :ref:`Determine if a PR must be relabeled as stalled <stalled_pull_request>`

>   and needing help (this is typically very important in the context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or needs help (this is typically very important in the context
```
